docs(state/oracledatabase): document bulkGetChunkSize metadata option (#5122)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-state-stores/setup-oracledatabase.md

    value: "<FULL PATH TO DIRECTORY WITH ORACLE WALLET CONTENTS >"  # Optional, no default
  - name: tableName
    value: "<NAME OF DATABASE TABLE TO STORE STATE IN >" # Optional, defaults to STATE
  - name: bulkGetChunkSize

>     value: "1000" # Optional, defaults to 1000 (Oracle's IN-list limit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    value: "1000" # Optional, defaults to 1000 (max limited by Oracle's IN-list expression limit)
```

| connectionString   | Y        | The connection string for Oracle Database | `"oracle://user/password@host:port/servicename"` for example `"oracle://demo:demo@localhost:1521/xe"` or for Autonomous Database `"oracle://states_schema:State12345pw@adb.us-ashburn-1.oraclecloud.com:1522/k8j2agsqjsw_daprdb_low.adb.oraclecloud.com"`
| oracleWalletLocation    | N         | Location of the contents of an Oracle Wallet file (required to connect to Autonomous Database on OCI)| `"/home/app/state/Wallet_daprDB/"`
| tableName    | N         | Name of the database table in which this instance of the state store records the data default `"STATE"`| `"MY_APP_STATE_STORE"`

> | bulkGetChunkSize    | N         | Maximum number of keys per internal SQL query when using BulkGet. When the total number of requested keys exceeds this value, multiple chunked queries are executed sequentially. Valid values are between 1 and 1000 (Oracle's IN-list expression limit). Values less than or equal to 0 use the default. Values above 1000 are clamped with a warning log. Defaults to `"1000"` | `"100"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| bulkGetChunkSize    | N         | Maximum number of keys per internal SQL query when using BulkGet. When the total number of requested keys exceeds this value, multiple chunked queries are executed sequentially. Valid values are between 1 and 1000 ([Oracle's IN-list expression limit](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/21/sqlrf/IN-Condition.html)). Values less than or equal to 0 use the default. Values above 1000 are chunked with a warning log. Defaults to `"1000"` | `"100"`
```
